README.md, before:

# 8 Puzzle Problem

This project solves the famous 8 Puzzle problem.

## Summary

8 Puzzle problem is a simple version of [15 Puzzle problem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/15_puzzle).
In this project, [A* algorithm](http://theory.stanford.edu/~amitp/GameProgramming/AStarComparison.html) is used to solve the problem.
Each time through the main loop, A* examines the state $n$ sucht that it has the lowest value of $f(n) = g(n) + h(n)$.
$g(n)$ is the actual cost (in this case, the number of moves) of a state from the starting state.
$h(n)$ is the heuristic cost of a state to the goal, [Manhattan Distance](https://xlinux.nist.gov/dads/HTML/manhattanDistance.html) is used in this project. Then it will explore all possible movements (left, right, up, down),
and keep on until it reaches the goal.

## Requirements

The requirements are:

- CMake 3.14 or better; 4.0+ highly recommended
- A C++20 compatible compiler ([gcc](https://gcc.gnu.org/) or [llvm](https://llvm.org/))
- The Boost libararies
- Git
- Doxygen (optional, highly recommended)
- Conda/Miniconda (optional, highly recommended)
- Python (for gprof visualization)

## Instructions

To configure:

```bash
cmake -S . -B build
```

Add `-GNinja` if you have Ninja.

To build:

```bash
cmake --build build
```

To test (`--target` can be written as `-t` in CMake 3.15+):

```bash
cmake --build build --target test
```

To run the binary with example layout:

```bash
./build/apps/app
```

To run the binary with a custom puzzle layout (use 1 to 8 and 'x' or 'X' for the empty space):

```bash
./build/apps/app <puzzle>
```

To build and test:

```bash
cmake --build build && cmake --build build --target test
```

To build docs (requires Doxygen, output in `build/docs/html`):

```bash
cmake --build build --target docs
```

To build and run benchmark:

```bash
cmake --build build && ./build/bench/<name_of_benchmark>
```

To run the Unix performance analysis tool (tested only on Linux):

```bash
cmake -S . -B build -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Gprof && ./build/gprof/solverbenchmark && gprof ./build/gprof/solverbenchmark gmon.out > ./build/gprof/analysis.txt
```

To create and activate an environment if using conda:

```bash
conda create -n <env_name> && conda activate <env_name>
```

To install all dependencies:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

To visualize gprof:

```bash
./build/gprof/solverbenchmark && gprof ./build/gprof/solverbenchmark | gprof2dot | dot -Tpng -o output.png
```

## Example Result

This is the default puzzle and its output:

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>5</td>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>6</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>2</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>8</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>4</td>
    <td>1</td>
    <td>7</td>
  </tr>
</table>

```
No additional argument is provided! An example puzzle layout will be used.
Done in: 67 µs  # of iterations: 65     Total moves: 14
Step: 0
5 3 6
2 x 8
4 1 7
Step: 1
5 3 6
2 1 8
4 x 7
Step: 2
5 3 6
2 1 8
4 7 x
Step: 3
5 3 6
2 1 x
4 7 8
Step: 4
5 3 x
2 1 6
4 7 8
Step: 5
5 x 3
2 1 6
4 7 8
Step: 6
5 1 3
2 x 6
4 7 8
Step: 7
5 1 3
x 2 6
4 7 8
Step: 8
x 1 3
5 2 6
4 7 8
Step: 9
1 x 3
5 2 6
4 7 8
Step: 10
1 2 3
5 x 6
4 7 8
Step: 11
1 2 3
x 5 6
4 7 8
Step: 12
1 2 3
4 5 6
x 7 8
Step: 13
1 2 3
4 5 6
7 x 8
Step: 14
1 2 3
4 5 6
7 8 x
Moves: ↑←↓↓→↑→↓←↑→↑←←
```

## Gprof

[Gprof](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/gprof.1.html) is a performance analysis tool running on Unix systems.
It can help you see what how much time does each function take.
It is useful for code optimization.
This is the visualization of the result of gprof which is generated by gprof2dot:

![Gprof Visualization](https://github.com/neilchen1998/8-Puzzle/blob/main/gprof-visualization.png?raw=true)


## Notes

### Hash Algorithm

A simple way to hash two values is using `boost::hash_combine` from the [Boost library](https://www.boost.org/).
Or as this [post](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2590677/how-do-i-combine-hash-values-in-c0x) suggests, use the following:

```cpp
template <class T>
inline void hash_combine(std::size_t& seed, const T& v)
{
    std::hash<T> h;
    seed ^= h(v) + 0x9e3779b9 + (seed << 6) + (seed >> 2);
    // seed ^= (std::hash<T>{}(u) << 1); // this MIGHT get the job done, it passess all the test cases
}
```

There is no significant performance difference between two approaches according to the benchmark that can be found in `bench/mathbenchlib`.
The archeive file size when using `boost::hash_combine` and that when using `hash_combine` are identical.

An even more simplified version as shown in the comment *MIGHT* work.
It passes all the test cases in the repo.
But it is not advised.

| benchmark       | op/s | ns/op |
| :-----------| :------------ | ----: |
| hash_vector | 74,615,800.46 | 13.40 |
| hash_range  | 90,301,886.39 | 11.07 |

### `const std::vector<T>& vec` vs. `std::span<T> s`

According to the benchmark `bench/mathbenchlib` powered by [nanobench](https://github.com/martinus/nanobench) and [Quick C++ Benchmark](https://quick-bench.com/),
there is no significant performance difference
between hashing a `const std::vector<T>& vec` and `std::span<T> s`.
The overhead of converting a `std::vector<T> vec` to `std::span<T> s` is minimal.
Since this project uses C++20, this is the way to go.

### Manhattan Distance Calculation

[Manhattan Distance](https://xlinux.nist.gov/dads/HTML/manhattanDistance.html) is used to calculate the heuristic value of a puzzle in a given state.

In our problem, $p_1$ represents the goal position and $p_2$ represents the current position of a piece of the puzzle and the formula is
$|x_1 - x_2| + |y_1 - y_2|$, where $x$ denotes the row position and $y$ denotes the column position.

There are three implementations, using a simple for-loop, using `std::accumulate`, and using `std::reduce`:

```cpp
int GetManhattanDistance(std::span<int> s)
{
    int manhattanDistance = 0;
    for (auto i = 0; i < constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_NUM; ++i)
    {
        if (s[i] != constants::EMPTY)
        {
            int curRow = (s[i] - 1) / constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_SIZE;
            int curCol = (s[i] - 1) % constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_SIZE;

            int goalRow = i / constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_SIZE;
            int goalCol = i % constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_SIZE;

            manhattanDistance += (std::abs(goalRow - curRow) + std::abs(goalCol - curCol));
        }
    }

    return manhattanDistance;
}
```

```cpp
int GetManhattanDistanceAccumulate(std::span<int> s)
{
    auto v = std::views::iota(0, constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_NUM);
    return std::accumulate(
        v.begin(),
        v.end(),
        0,
        [&](int acc, int i) {
            if (s[i] == constants::EMPTY)
            return acc;

            int curRow = (s[i] - 1) / constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_SIZE;
            int curCol = (s[i] - 1) % constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_SIZE;
            int goalRow = i / constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_SIZE;
            int goalCol = i % constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_SIZE;

            return acc + std::abs(goalRow - curRow) + std::abs(goalCol - curCol);
        }
    );
}
```

```cpp
int GetManhattanDistanceReduce(std::span<int> s)
{
    auto v = std::views::iota(0, constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_NUM);
    return std::reduce(
        v.begin(),
        v.end(),
        0,
        [&](int acc, int i) {
            if (s[i] == constants::EMPTY)
                return acc;

            int curRow = (s[i] - 1) / constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_SIZE;
            int curCol = (s[i] - 1) % constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_SIZE;
            int goalRow = i / constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_SIZE;
            int goalCol = i % constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_SIZE;

            return acc + std::abs(goalRow - curRow) + std::abs(goalCol - curCol);
        }
    );
}
```

`std::reduce` utilizes parallelism which in theory be faster than `std::accumulate`.
In our case the order of the operations does not matter, therefore we can use `std::reduce`.
Nonetheless, based on the benchmark, the three different approaches do not have discernable difference in terms of speed.

| benchmark       | op/s           | ns/op|
| :---------------| :------------- | ---: |
| for loop        | 160,295,728.06 | 6.24 |
| std::accumulate | 156,853,151.47 | 6.38 |
| std::reduce     | 157,072,439.95 | 6.37 |

### `std::priortiy_queue` vs. Bucket Queue

The most commonly used data structure for the queue is a [priority queue](https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/container/priority_queue.html).
It has `O(log n)` for insertion, `O(log n)` for deletion, and `O(1)` for peak operation.
Whenever the solver enters the node with the lowest value of `f(n)`, it will need to pop out the state from the priority queue.
And when the solver finds a new valid state, it will need to add the new state to the priority queue.
Both operations are done frequently and both operations have a time complexity of `O(log n)`.
Therefore a better data structure is needed.
A [bucket queue](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bucket_queue) is choosen to replace `std::priortiy_queue`.
A bucket queue has `O(1)` for insertion, `O(#priorities)` for deletion, and `O(1)` for peak operation.
Therefore, a bucket queue is faster than a `std::priortiy_queue`.
In the benchmark, a bucket queue with **30** priorities is used.
The rationale behind the number **30** is because the maximum Manhattan distance of an 8 puzzle problem is 32
and not all pieces wil be that far away from the goal.
The improvement is **~12%**.
NOTE: however, this performance gain is vanished when we switch to using pointers instead of instances.

| benchmark             | op/s   | ns/op      |
| :---------------------| :----- | :----------- |
| Priority Queue Solver | 221.22 | 4,520,419.18 |
| Bucket Queue Solver   | 246.93 | 4,049,751.35 |

### Interface Library

An [interface library](https://cliutils.gitlab.io/modern-cmake/chapters/basics.html) is for a header-only library.
It does not create an output library. But it can and will be used by other libraries.
In this project, **constantslib**, **mathlib**, and **solverlib** are all interface libraries.
**constantslib** is where all constants are defined.
**mathlib**, and **solverlib** are both template classes.

### Use Pointers

After changing the data type in our `std::priortiy_queue`, a significant performance increase is observed. NOTE: those are using *-Ofast* [compiler flag](https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/Optimize-Options.html).

| benchmark             | op/s     | ns/op     |
| :---------------------| :------- | :----------- |
| Priority Queue Solver | 2,089.45 | 478,594.10 |
| Priority Queue Solver (using pointers) | 2,578.67 | 387,796.43 |
| Bucket Queue Solver   | 1,876.87 | 532,802.08 |
| Bucket Queue Solver (using pointers)   | 2,139.18 | 467,469.06 |

## Reference

- [gprof2dot](https://pypi.org/project/gprof2dot/)
- [Visually Profile C++ Program Performance](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbTtVW64R_I)
- [Global Constants](https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/sharing-global-constants-across-multiple-files-using-inline-variables/)
- [Gprof Tutorial](https://www.thegeekstuff.com/2012/08/gprof-tutorial/)

Commit message:

separated puzzles into 3 categories for benchmark

README.md, after:

# 8 Puzzle Problem

This project solves the famous 8 Puzzle problem.

## Summary

8 Puzzle problem is a simple version of [15 Puzzle problem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/15_puzzle).
In this project, [A* algorithm](http://theory.stanford.edu/~amitp/GameProgramming/AStarComparison.html) is used to solve the problem.
Each time through the main loop, A* examines the state $n$ sucht that it has the lowest value of $f(n) = g(n) + h(n)$.
$g(n)$ is the actual cost (in this case, the number of moves) of a state from the starting state.
$h(n)$ is the heuristic cost of a state to the goal, [Manhattan Distance](https://xlinux.nist.gov/dads/HTML/manhattanDistance.html) is used in this project. Then it will explore all possible movements (left, right, up, down),
and keep on until it reaches the goal.

## Requirements

The requirements are:

- CMake 3.14 or better; 4.0+ highly recommended
- A C++20 compatible compiler ([gcc](https://gcc.gnu.org/) or [llvm](https://llvm.org/))
- The Boost libararies
- Git
- Doxygen (optional, highly recommended)
- Conda/Miniconda (optional, highly recommended)
- Python (for gprof visualization)

## Instructions

To configure:

```bash
cmake -S . -B build
```

Add `-GNinja` if you have Ninja.

To build:

```bash
cmake --build build
```

To test (`--target` can be written as `-t` in CMake 3.15+):

```bash
cmake --build build --target test
```

To run the binary with example layout:

```bash
./build/apps/app
```

To run the binary with a custom puzzle layout (use 1 to 8 and 'x' or 'X' for the empty space):

```bash
./build/apps/app <puzzle>
```

To build and test:

```bash
cmake --build build && cmake --build build --target test
```

To build docs (requires Doxygen, output in `build/docs/html`):

```bash
cmake --build build --target docs
```

To build and run benchmark:

```bash
cmake --build build && ./build/bench/<name_of_benchmark>
```

To run the Unix performance analysis tool (tested only on Linux):

```bash
cmake -S . -B build -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Gprof && ./build/gprof/solverbenchmark && gprof ./build/gprof/solverbenchmark gmon.out > ./build/gprof/analysis.txt
```

To create and activate an environment if using conda:

```bash
conda create -n <env_name> && conda activate <env_name>
```

To install all dependencies:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

To visualize gprof:

```bash
./build/gprof/solverbenchmark && gprof ./build/gprof/solverbenchmark | gprof2dot | dot -Tpng -o output.png
```

## Example Result

This is the default puzzle and its output:

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>5</td>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>6</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>2</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>8</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>4</td>
    <td>1</td>
    <td>7</td>
  </tr>
</table>

```
No additional argument is provided! An example puzzle layout will be used.
Done in: 67 µs  # of iterations: 65     Total moves: 14
Step: 0
5 3 6
2 x 8
4 1 7
Step: 1
5 3 6
2 1 8
4 x 7
Step: 2
5 3 6
2 1 8
4 7 x
Step: 3
5 3 6
2 1 x
4 7 8
Step: 4
5 3 x
2 1 6
4 7 8
Step: 5
5 x 3
2 1 6
4 7 8
Step: 6
5 1 3
2 x 6
4 7 8
Step: 7
5 1 3
x 2 6
4 7 8
Step: 8
x 1 3
5 2 6
4 7 8
Step: 9
1 x 3
5 2 6
4 7 8
Step: 10
1 2 3
5 x 6
4 7 8
Step: 11
1 2 3
x 5 6
4 7 8
Step: 12
1 2 3
4 5 6
x 7 8
Step: 13
1 2 3
4 5 6
7 x 8
Step: 14
1 2 3
4 5 6
7 8 x
Moves: ↑←↓↓→↑→↓←↑→↑←←
```

## Gprof

[Gprof](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/gprof.1.html) is a performance analysis tool running on Unix systems.
It can help you see what how much time does each function take.
It is useful for code optimization.
This is the visualization of the result of gprof which is generated by gprof2dot:

![Gprof Visualization](https://github.com/neilchen1998/8-Puzzle/blob/main/gprof-visualization.png?raw=true)


## Notes

### Hash Algorithm

A simple way to hash two values is using `boost::hash_combine` from the [Boost library](https://www.boost.org/).
Or as this [post](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2590677/how-do-i-combine-hash-values-in-c0x) suggests, use the following:

```cpp
template <class T>
inline void hash_combine(std::size_t& seed, const T& v)
{
    std::hash<T> h;
    seed ^= h(v) + 0x9e3779b9 + (seed << 6) + (seed >> 2);
    // seed ^= (std::hash<T>{}(u) << 1); // this MIGHT get the job done, it passess all the test cases
}
```

There is no significant performance difference between two approaches according to the benchmark that can be found in `bench/mathbenchlib`.
The archeive file size when using `boost::hash_combine` and that when using `hash_combine` are identical.

An even more simplified version as shown in the comment *MIGHT* work.
It passes all the test cases in the repo.
But it is not advised.

| benchmark       | op/s | ns/op |
| :-----------| :------------ | ----: |
| hash_vector | 74,615,800.46 | 13.40 |
| hash_range  | 90,301,886.39 | 11.07 |

### `const std::vector<T>& vec` vs. `std::span<T> s`

According to the benchmark `bench/mathbenchlib` powered by [nanobench](https://github.com/martinus/nanobench) and [Quick C++ Benchmark](https://quick-bench.com/),
there is no significant performance difference
between hashing a `const std::vector<T>& vec` and `std::span<T> s`.
The overhead of converting a `std::vector<T> vec` to `std::span<T> s` is minimal.
Since this project uses C++20, this is the way to go.

### Manhattan Distance Calculation

[Manhattan Distance](https://xlinux.nist.gov/dads/HTML/manhattanDistance.html) is used to calculate the heuristic value of a puzzle in a given state.

In our problem, $p_1$ represents the goal position and $p_2$ represents the current position of a piece of the puzzle and the formula is
$|x_1 - x_2| + |y_1 - y_2|$, where $x$ denotes the row position and $y$ denotes the column position.

There are three implementations, using a simple for-loop, using `std::accumulate`, and using `std::reduce`:

```cpp
int GetManhattanDistance(std::span<int> s)
{
    int manhattanDistance = 0;
    for (auto i = 0; i < constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_NUM; ++i)
    {
        if (s[i] != constants::EMPTY)
        {
            int curRow = (s[i] - 1) / constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_SIZE;
            int curCol = (s[i] - 1) % constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_SIZE;

            int goalRow = i / constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_SIZE;
            int goalCol = i % constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_SIZE;

            manhattanDistance += (std::abs(goalRow - curRow) + std::abs(goalCol - curCol));
        }
    }

    return manhattanDistance;
}
```

```cpp
int GetManhattanDistanceAccumulate(std::span<int> s)
{
    auto v = std::views::iota(0, constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_NUM);
    return std::accumulate(
        v.begin(),
        v.end(),
        0,
        [&](int acc, int i) {
            if (s[i] == constants::EMPTY)
            return acc;

            int curRow = (s[i] - 1) / constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_SIZE;
            int curCol = (s[i] - 1) % constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_SIZE;
            int goalRow = i / constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_SIZE;
            int goalCol = i % constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_SIZE;

            return acc + std::abs(goalRow - curRow) + std::abs(goalCol - curCol);
        }
    );
}
```

```cpp
int GetManhattanDistanceReduce(std::span<int> s)
{
    auto v = std::views::iota(0, constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_NUM);
    return std::reduce(
        v.begin(),
        v.end(),
        0,
        [&](int acc, int i) {
            if (s[i] == constants::EMPTY)
                return acc;

            int curRow = (s[i] - 1) / constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_SIZE;
            int curCol = (s[i] - 1) % constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_SIZE;
            int goalRow = i / constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_SIZE;
            int goalCol = i % constants::EIGHT_PUZZLE_SIZE;

            return acc + std::abs(goalRow - curRow) + std::abs(goalCol - curCol);
        }
    );
}
```

`std::reduce` utilizes parallelism which in theory be faster than `std::accumulate`.
In our case the order of the operations does not matter, therefore we can use `std::reduce`.
Nonetheless, based on the benchmark, the three different approaches do not have discernable difference in terms of speed.

| benchmark       | op/s           | ns/op|
| :---------------| :------------- | ---: |
| for loop        | 160,295,728.06 | 6.24 |
| std::accumulate | 156,853,151.47 | 6.38 |
| std::reduce     | 157,072,439.95 | 6.37 |

### `std::priortiy_queue` vs. Bucket Queue

The most commonly used data structure for the queue is a [priority queue](https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/container/priority_queue.html).
It has `O(log n)` for insertion, `O(log n)` for deletion, and `O(1)` for peak operation.
Whenever the solver enters the node with the lowest value of `f(n)`, it will need to pop out the state from the priority queue.
And when the solver finds a new valid state, it will need to add the new state to the priority queue.
Both operations are done frequently and both operations have a time complexity of `O(log n)`.
Therefore a better data structure is needed.
A [bucket queue](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bucket_queue) is choosen to replace `std::priortiy_queue`.
A bucket queue has `O(1)` for insertion, `O(#priorities)` for deletion, and `O(1)` for peak operation.
Therefore, a bucket queue is faster than a `std::priortiy_queue`.
The default number of buckets is **64**.
The rationale behind that is due to the maximum number of moves is [31](http://w01fe.com/blog/2009/01/the-hardest-eight-puzzle-instances-take-31-moves-to-solve/).
In this benchmark, a *bucket queue* with 32 buckets is added for eductional purposes.
However, the downsize of using a bucket queue is the underlying container is *std::vector* and reallocations will be needed if there are two many nodes in a single bucket.
This downside is pronounced when the given puzzle falls under the category of easy (less than 20 steps to solve).
In this project, 9 test cases are used for benchmarking.
Those are divided into three categories: **easy**, **medium**, and **hard**.
**easy** takes less than 20 steps to solve, **medium** takes between 20 and 30, and **hard** takes 31 steps (which is the most steps possible).
The result is shown in the following table:

| Group 1: Easy Puzzles      | op/s     |
| :------------------------- | :------- |
| Priority Queue Solver      | 5,567.37 |
| Bucket Queue Solver        | 4,130.10 |
| Bucket Queue Solver (32)   | 4,088.10 |

| Group 2: Easy Puzzles      | op/s   |
| :------------------------- | :----- |
| Priority Queue Solver      | 334.56 |
| Bucket Queue Solver        | 424.59 |
| Bucket Queue Solver (32)   | 426.45 |

| Group 3: Hard Puzzles      | op/s   |
| :------------------------- | :----- |
| Priority Queue Solver      | 123.22 |
| Bucket Queue Solver        | 139.41 |

We can see that *bucket queue* wins in both the second group and the third group.
This result aligns with the characteristic of *bucket queue* as you saw earlier.
The *bucket queue* with 32 buckets performs similar to that with 64 buckets.
However, it fails to solve the third category of puzzles due those puzzles have *f* value greater than 32.

### Interface Library

An [interface library](https://cliutils.gitlab.io/modern-cmake/chapters/basics.html) is for a header-only library.
It does not create an output library. But it can and will be used by other libraries.
In this project, **constantslib**, **mathlib**, and **solverlib** are all interface libraries.
**constantslib** is where all constants are defined.
**mathlib**, and **solverlib** are both template classes.

### Use Pointers

After changing the data type in our `std::priortiy_queue`, a significant performance increase is observed. NOTE: those are using *-Ofast* [compiler flag](https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/Optimize-Options.html).

| benchmark             | op/s     | ns/op     |
| :---------------------| :------- | :----------- |
| Priority Queue Solver | 2,089.45 | 478,594.10 |
| Priority Queue Solver (using pointers) | 2,578.67 | 387,796.43 |
| Bucket Queue Solver   | 1,876.87 | 532,802.08 |
| Bucket Queue Solver (using pointers)   | 2,139.18 | 467,469.06 |

## Reference

- [gprof2dot](https://pypi.org/project/gprof2dot/)
- [Visually Profile C++ Program Performance](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbTtVW64R_I)
- [Global Constants](https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/sharing-global-constants-across-multiple-files-using-inline-variables/)
- [Gprof Tutorial](https://www.thegeekstuff.com/2012/08/gprof-tutorial/)
